starting speaking (#13)
JuanCaicedo/personal-blog: api/posts/starting-speaking.mdx

# How I got started in public speaking
## Theater

> I'll admit it, to a certain extent I had it easier than a lot of other people.

Author: ```suggestion
I got lucky here! 😄 
```

> When I was in high school I did theatre, which meant that right off the bat I

Author: ```suggestion
When I was in high school, I participated in the theatre department. That meant 
```

> was already doing some amount of standing in front of people and presenting. I

Author: ```suggestion
that early on I was already doing some amount of standing in front of people and presenting
```
